readme.md, before:

![CAUTION](https://placehold.co/700x100/FF0000/FFFF00?text=!!!+CAUTION+!!!)

This is just a private fork for specific customization of the original extension!

The main identifier was changed to avoid collision with the original extension's releases.

Most other contributions are left as they were thus would interfere with the original extension.

Most probably not what you'd like to use.

Go to  
https://github.com/fabiospampinato/vscode-markdown-todo  
or  
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fabiospampinato.vscode-markdown-todo  
for the real thing!

![CAUTION](https://placehold.co/700x100/FF0000/FFFF00?text=!!!+CAUTION+!!!)

# Markdown Todo

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fabiospampinato/vscode-markdown-todo/master/resources/logo.png" width="128" alt="Logo">
</p>

Manage todo lists inside markdown files with ease.

## Install

Follow the instructions in the [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fabiospampinato.vscode-markdown-todo), or run the following in the command palette:

```sh
ext install fabiospampinato.vscode-markdown-todo
```

## Usage

It adds 2 commands to the command palette:

```js
'Markdown Todo: Toggle Todo' // Toggle a todo
'Markdown Todo: Toggle Done' // Toggle a todo as done
```

It adds 3 shortcuts when editing a `Markdown` file:

```js
'Cmd/Ctrl+Enter' // Triggers `Markdown Todo: Toggle Todo`
'Alt+Enter' // Triggers `Markdown Todo: Toggle Todo`
'Alt+D' // Triggers `Markdown Todo: Toggle Done`
```

## Settings

```js
{
  "markdown.todo.symbols.bullet": "-", // Todo bullet symbol
  "markdown.todo.symbols.done": "x" // Todo done symbol
}
```

## Demo

![Demo](resources/demo.gif)

## Related

- **[Todo+](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fabiospampinato.vscode-todo-plus)**: Manage todo lists with ease. Powerful, easy to use and customizable.
- **[Noty](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/noty)**: Autosaving sticky note with support for multiple notes without needing multiple windows.
- **[Notable](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/notable)**: The markdown-based note-taking app that doesn't suck.

## Contributing

If you found a problem, or have a feature request, please open an [issue](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/vscode-markdown-todo/issues) about it.

If you want to make a pull request you can debug the extension using [Debug Launcher](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fabiospampinato.vscode-debug-launcher).

## License

MIT © Fabio Spampinato

Commit message:

changed logo and changes listed in readme

readme.md, after:

![CAUTION](https://placehold.co/700x100/FF0000/FFFF00?text=!!!+CAUTION+!!!)

This is just a private fork for specific customization of the original extension!

The main identifier was changed to avoid collision with the original extension's releases.

Most other contributions are left as they were thus would interfere with the original extension.

Most probably not what you'd like to use.

Go to  
https://github.com/fabiospampinato/vscode-markdown-todo  
or  
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fabiospampinato.vscode-markdown-todo  
for the real thing!

Incorporated changes:

* publisher identification changed to indicate usage of the forked version
* removed fundraising beggar

![CAUTION](https://placehold.co/700x100/FF0000/FFFF00?text=!!!+CAUTION+!!!)

# Markdown Todo

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fabiospampinato/vscode-markdown-todo/master/resources/logo.png" width="128" alt="Logo">
</p>

Manage todo lists inside markdown files with ease.

## Install

Follow the instructions in the [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fabiospampinato.vscode-markdown-todo), or run the following in the command palette:

```sh
ext install fabiospampinato.vscode-markdown-todo
```

## Usage

It adds 2 commands to the command palette:

```js
'Markdown Todo: Toggle Todo' // Toggle a todo
'Markdown Todo: Toggle Done' // Toggle a todo as done
```

It adds 3 shortcuts when editing a `Markdown` file:

```js
'Cmd/Ctrl+Enter' // Triggers `Markdown Todo: Toggle Todo`
'Alt+Enter' // Triggers `Markdown Todo: Toggle Todo`
'Alt+D' // Triggers `Markdown Todo: Toggle Done`
```

## Settings

```js
{
  "markdown.todo.symbols.bullet": "-", // Todo bullet symbol
  "markdown.todo.symbols.done": "x" // Todo done symbol
}
```

## Demo

![Demo](resources/demo.gif)

## Related

- **[Todo+](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fabiospampinato.vscode-todo-plus)**: Manage todo lists with ease. Powerful, easy to use and customizable.
- **[Noty](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/noty)**: Autosaving sticky note with support for multiple notes without needing multiple windows.
- **[Notable](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/notable)**: The markdown-based note-taking app that doesn't suck.

## Contributing

If you found a problem, or have a feature request, please open an [issue](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/vscode-markdown-todo/issues) about it.

If you want to make a pull request you can debug the extension using [Debug Launcher](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fabiospampinato.vscode-debug-launcher).

## License

MIT © Fabio Spampinato
